Name: Eldon Tealeaf
Race: Halfling
Subrace: Lightfoot
Alignment: Lawful Good/Neutral

Age: 34
Height: 3ft
Weight: 40lbs
Appearance: Wavy timberwood hair, lightly tanned skin, and hazel eyes. No sideburns or other facial hair. Slightly stout, but in a healthy halfling way.

Garb: The standard brown monk robes that cover his body from shoulders down to his ankles. The sleeves have been cut off around the elbow as he never liked the way that they dragged his arms down, plus, now in a party, it makes fighting much easier. 

Hair Color: #665837
Eye Color: #27441a
Skin Color: #bfa667

Personality: Cheerful and happy to help. Doesn't necessarily keep to self and will share more details than needed on accident. 

Likes: Eating food surrounded by friends/family and telling stories.
Dislikes: Lack of food. Senseless violence. Orcs.

Background: Eldon grew up in the Furburrow Shire up until he was age 12. His family sent him into town to retrieve a few extra supplies and to sell off some of the extra produce that was made. It was a successful day in the market, Eldon always enjoyed seeing the nearby town and people who inhabited it. As he was leaving town he had overheard a couple of townspeople talk about how there was an orc raid at the nearby shire. Without thinking he took off towards Furburrow, starting to see the smoke rise as he neared. Once he made it to the top of the hill he saw that his home had been ransacked and burned. He found his house and found no survivors, left to the world on his own. He wandered back to town, much more glum this time, and eventually found his way to the monastery there. The monks took him in after hearing his tale and taught him to live under the Way of the Open Hand. Though the monk life was not his first choice, and he fought with some of he traditions to begin with, after several years of living by the traditions he realized that this way of peace when possible really was suited well for him. Every year, on the anniversary of the attack on his shire, Eldon makes his way out to the hill overlooking his childhood home and recites a monastic prayer over the old shire. While some halflings had started to rebuild Furburrow, Eldon knew it would never be the same.